objective:

ordered by probable order of implementation

SP: advance from one area to another, like a jump map basically. later, possibly combat w/ bots

MP: 1v1, arena, CTF, possibly something like tf2's Arena: Respawn

movement:

needs to be *perfect*.

we're pretty fast

the surf mechanic is our "gimmick" but it needs to be backed up w/ fundamentally satisfying and crisp movement

see also: tribes, super meat boy

Bhop on ground to keep velocity. possibly add support for auto-bhop,
or skipping friction for several ticks after you land
(longer window to make "perfect" bhops easier to do reliably).
Difficulty setting affecting no-friction time in single-player?

Floaty is fairly OK, we won't really be peeking here.

high turning acceleration in air.



ice-block-placing-thing:

The gimmick.

Okay, go play Minecraft. Note how you can place blocks *under* you, and walk out on a bridge you build.
But, you need to look down, which is going to be really annoying and possibly get you motion sick.
Also, you place blocks (because Minecraft).

Well, in this game... call it NMIGP. In NMIGP, you got like... psychic energy. Or electrical something.
Or like... alien physics bullshit.
Or possibly ice.

Effectively, it's placed in "chains". It fades after some time. It's made of rectangular sections.
Zero width?
You collide with it, but other players *probably* shouldn't (so as to not completely fuck prediction.)
maybe it damages other players slightly?
It has *negative friction*, up to a velocity cap. but not a lot, you accelerate very slowly.
So you place a section on the ground, then that has a "hypothetical" section. The rotation (roll and pitch)
of the hypothetical section is determined by your crosshair position relative to the previous section.
So you can turn the ramp by intuitively slowly moving your crosshair. Feels like CS:S surfing.
this hypothetical section is drawn in a different color or transparently, so you get visual feedback.
when you click, hypothetical becomes real.

ONLY the hypothetical section extrapolated from the section you're standing on is shown, so you can't spam it.

it's placed with an ice gun or alien physics bullshit gun or psychic energy gun or electrical gun
so it's its own gun. can't attack while placing. this means that a very important tactic will be
surf, angle your ramp into the air, so you go flying up. then switch to a weel gun and attack,
when you land you need to bunnyhop, to not lose your speed, while you switch back to your ice gun or whatever
(since it takes a really long time to get up to speed again.)

may take a while for the ice gun to warm up (<500ms) after switching to it, longer than the other guns
well not warm up because it's an ice gun
shut up

secondary attack: place a section in midair, range adjusted by scroll wheel. This can only be done on a very
long cooldown, or possibly you have to hit the ground for it to recharge. You can then build off this section
when standing on it.

Sections are bouncy when hit at a steep angle. This lets you change speed fast... but you have to place it 
in midair, then you can't surf anymore until you hit the ground. Unless you are clever enough to come back
around, before your old sections disappear, and bounce off them; then you can use your midair section
to start a new surf.

actual shooting people


who knows lol

will probably prototype with a simple fast-firing hitscan weapon, emphasizing tracking.

I want to eventually get relatively slow projectile weapons with arcs and stuff

headshots could be a thing? maybe not, maybe only w/ certain weapons?

NO INACCURACY. EVER. if that turns out to be an interesting thing, instead project a circle into the world
that expands as distance increases, instead. same effect, but no RNG.

Need relatively slow, but high blast radius weapons that explode on impact and are easy to aim with. But,
they are so slow airshots are effectively impossible. But on the ground, you get screwed by blast radius.
Encourages players to use the air mechanics.
